THIS DOCUMENT SUBJECT TO CLASSIFICATION
CLEARANCE LEVEL: 2

Access granted.

> Subject Documentation E-891A

---------------------------------------------

Subject E-891A
Entity Class: Aberration

E-891A is an entity of undefined mass, volume
and proportion.

E-891A has no distinguishable appearance, and
is rarely physically recorded by any means.

E-891A is to be secured through displacement.
The facility containing E-891A and its
surrounding area is to be kept clear of
possible threats. An armed security platoon
will be deployed at all hours for this
purpose.

As an Aberration class entity, E-891A is
known to cause aberrant behavior in nearby
individuals. However, unlike most, E-891A
is primarily active with a lone target.

To facilitate a safe research environment,
stay in view of a research partner at all
times. Additionally, maintain a distance of
at least 100 meters between any researcher
and the subject. Obstructions such as walls
and windows are ineffective.

Should E-891A become active, evacuate all
employees who are not yet affected. Do not
attempt to rescue affected individuals.
Following an incident, allow at least 72
hours before re-entering a one kilometer
radius of E-891A.