INSPIRE FUNCTION ENABLED

> Testing Procedures: Inspiration

---------------------------------------------

Inspiration is a new technique that is
applied after an Aberration class entity has
become active. The effects of this procedure
are still unknown, but will theoretically
produce positive results.

To inspire the entity, a short sequence of
tones will be played by the researcher and
transmitted into the observation room. Click
the "Inspire" function on the terminal's main
screen, where you will find a virtual
keyboard.

Click on the button labelled "Begin". A
series of note indicators will fall from the
top of the screen. Click on the matching key
just as the indicator reaches the bottom to
successfully hit a note.

In order for Inspiration to be successful,
the majority of notes must be hit with the
correct time and pitch.

Progress is indicated by the bar just below
the keyboard. The procedure can be repeated
as many times as necessary until it is
successful.

To quickly restart the procedure in case of
a poor performance, click on the button
labelled "Restart".