Congratulations ${EMPLOYEE_NAME}! You have
been selected to participate in:

> Research Project 891

---------------------------------------------

In this 30 day research activity, you will be
making full use of this state-of-the-art
Facility Access Terminal (patent pending) to
interact with E-891 in complete safety.

E-891 is an Aberration class entity, known to
cause aberrant behavior in researchers. For a
safe research environment, stay in view of a
partner at all times, and remain at least 100
meters away from E-891.

All data from this experiment will be
recorded through automated devices within the
containment cell. No human measurements are
required.

Instructions will be regularly transmitted to
the Facility Access Terminal, visible at the
bottom of the main page. Follow all
instructions accurately and promptly.

At the end of the research period, you will
be discharged from S.O.U.P. Incorporated and
compensated in accordance with
New World Order Title 48b:
"Deadly Workplace Accomodations Act".

After discharge, a short survey will be
available to voice concerns for the quality
and/or safety of your research experience.